no for some reason men feel like women
need to have straight long hair and I
don't know well I know but you know this
time to exchange she's taught my skin
with curly and I was just like oh okay
you said it's here when you met her did
have the hair and bowel that you like
you wouldn't know you all went to start
something then you would have missed
that on your life all right I'm gonna
say it most guys we think that black one
with a haircut short bitter because they
always got something to prove and angry
and a man about snuff oh yeah I got I
got it I got it homey people a long hair
something Malaysia she talked to my
mother her mom starts crying the older
generation exactly females they just
they give so much energy in so much bag
to their hair and their anything about
what they were you starting only start
taking all kinds of medication in your
nest coming up there you go and you
spend fifty dollars on getting the relax
of course no one's going to want to put
you in the water to mess that up so
little black girls are more likely to
drown because failure I witness I
witness a young girl drowning I knew it
affected me
but I didn't realize how much although I
would still love to get word from
Thompson on gonna end in to work I don't
know if I will work is much that in we
cut it because because my hair is so I
really don't know how much but right and
i love the industry that i'm in but I'm
serious about not allowing the industry
to dictate to me what else it was like
or what I can do
you